https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/26120892329/

Security Operations Engineer (SecOps)

Responsibilities
Run secure code assessments and advise developers on remediation.
Maintain static and dynamic security analysis tools and integrate them into the CI pipeline.
Provide timely and adequate information about the current state of Toptal security.
Develop corporate security practices, policies, and standards.
Respond to any ongoing or completed incidents, help teams to find the root cause, and set possible action points.
Contribute to application designs and solutions and assist with code reviews.
Educate staff on personal, corporate, architecture, and development security best practices.


In The First Week, Expect To
Onboard and integrate into Toptal.
Rapidly begin learning about Toptal’s history, culture, and vision.


In The First Month, Expect To
Get familiar with the tools we use to assess and improve the security of our applications.
Complete necessary training.
Deliver your first tickets through to completion.
Begin collaborating with other teams.


In The First Three Months, Expect To
Track the latest vulnerabilities in used frameworks and technologies and communicate to developers on how to mitigate them.
Improve the security audit of our applications (integrate new security tools, scale current solutions to more projects, create dashboards with metrics, and set up automated notifications for our teams).
Work on achieving team OKRs.


In The First Six Months, Expect To
Take part in making design/implementation decisions.
Investigate security events and carry-on follow-up actions.
Suggest and implement improvements for our processes and tools.
Hold security awareness & education sessions and develop appropriate materials for the whole company.


In The First Year, Expect To
Assist in preparation for certification against one of the modern security standards (ISO 27001, SOC1 or other).


Requirements
3+ years’ experience with application security.
Experience in application development with at least 1 modern programming language.
Experience with CI/CD tools like Docker and Jenkins, as well as cloud platforms (preferably GCP).
Knowledge of OWASP methodology and web and mobile vulnerabilities.
Be familiar with common security standards (e.g. ISO/IEC 27000-series, GDPR, SOC1).
Be familiar with SAST and DAST tools like BurpSuite, OWASP ZAP, NMap, Metasploit, Kali Linux, etc.
Ability to solve complex problems by considering multiple solutions, weighing them, and deciding on the best course of action.
Be genuinely interested in technology and love to try new things.
Be open to receiving constructive feedback.
You must be a world-class individual contributor to thrive at Toptal. You will not be here just to tell other people what to do.